          COMPILE_AND_LINK_ISSUES  in  CPSEIS_HOME         2010 march 30

This file contains information on compile and link issues for cpseis (and
particularly spws) on the following machines in different locations:
               fusbc006   achilles   helios02   modi

XDrawRectangle is no longer unsatisfied for msepita.  The fix was to add the
X/Motif libraries to the link statement a second time.  Another solution is
to make the loader search circularly through the libraries using the -( and -)
options.

Cbyt and the other spws motif programs (except msepita) which aborted
immediately on fusbc006 no longer abort immediately.  The fix was to replace
g++ with icpc.  The g++ compiler was in the makefile for the spws programs in
the svn repository by mistake instead of the Intel icpc compiler.  On fusbc006,
the g++ compiler is version 4, whereas g++ on the other machines was version 3.
Apparently there is a problem with g++ version 4 which does not exist for either
icpc or g++ version 3.

Unfortunately, it was later determined that cbyt aborts on fusbc006 when
drawing the annotation axes after reading in a trace file.  Therefore we went
back to using g++ instead of icpc.  This works for cbyt on every machine except
fusbc006, because of the g++ version 4 problem mentioned above.  Therefore, the
workaround is to copy the cbyt executable from modi to fusbc006 and to use that
executable instead of the one compiled on fusbc006.

It has been discovered that va misbehaves on (probably) all platforms by
saving a zero-length velocity file.  The backup velocity workfiles are saved
correctly.  This problem has not yet been investigated.

The spws motif programs cfg and msepita appear to work correctly wherever they
have been tried.

I suspect that the problems with the spws programs is a "long" versus "int"
incompatibility on 64-bit machines.  These programs were written and run on
32-bit machines for 15-20 years without any problem.  I did verify that the
cbyt annotation axes problem does indeed appear to be such an incompatibility,
but attempts to fix this problem only delayed the abort to a later part of the
code.

00000000011111111112222222222333333333344444444445555555555666666666677777777778
12345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890

                   ifort icc  icpc        uname -a            svn   g++  centos
                   ----- ---- ---- ------------------------- ----- ----- ------
boulder   fusbc006 10.1  10.1 10.1 2.6.18-128.1.6.el5 #1 SMP works 4.1.2  5.3
woodlands achilles 10.0   --   --  2.6.9-55.0.9.ELsmp #1 SMP works 3.4.6  4.5
woodlands helios    --    --   --  2.6.9-55.ELsmp     #1 SMP  old  3.4.6  4.5
woodlands helios02 10.0  10.0 10.0 2.6.9-78.ELsmp     #1 SMP works 3.4.6  4.7
parkrow   modi     10.0  10.0 10.0 2.6.9-78.0.13.EL   #1      old  3.4.6  4.7
parkrow   bellum   10.0  10.0 10.0 2.6.18-128.el5     #1 SMP works 4.1.2  5.3

